# Sexual_Education
I'm making first Github Repository about my individual professional goal in life, the whole reason I am going back to school, to get my degree. I want to see comprehensive, scientifically accurate, K-12 sexual education in ALL public schools. If you have an interest and ideas to share, feel free to join the discussion.

About Me: 
My name is Kat (short for Katherine), I'm 44 years old, and I am currently a student at the Quad Cities campus of Western Illinois University (WIU-QC). My major is Communications: Social Influence and my minor is Sociology. And, unlike other students, I don't have a dream title, organization or other job destination in mind. I am eager to work for or with any individual, organization, government body or even company, who is committed to my own personal goal - as stated above. For years I called myself a single mother, but now that my son is 23 and engaged, it seems inaccurate. And how is that we've never come up for a common-language, gender-non-specific word for your offspring, regardless of their age, beyond the word "child?" I am also a person of limited mobility, chronic pain and a handful of other medical issues that impede my progress at times. 

I have worked in IT, administration, non-profit and a number of other professions and industries - including more than 10 years as a freelance web content manager and virtual assistant. The closest I've ever come to coding, was BASIC and PASCAL programming classes in high school (on an honest-to-goodness AppleIIe, I kid you not), manually building my first website with straight HTML (right around the time CSS was being launched), and spending the last 20 years making various CMS and WYSIWYG editors to do what they are told. I won't pretend I've tried to learn proper language, but considering how hard it is for me to retain even HTML (I still go to the W3 page for things I've done a hundred times), and the fact that I've tried to learn Italian twice, Spanish once and ASL three times, it's safe to say my brain just isn't good at retaining new languages. Which sucks, because I've had some decent ideas for webtools and apps over the years, that I might've been able to bring to life, if I had coding skills - or at least a good friend with them. But perhaps, one day, I'll get my brain fo

But I recently came across a page dedicated to teaching non-coders ways to use Github (a place I've visited for years but never joined) for project management, and I'm quite curious. So, I am giving it a go. I'm already thinking of other things I might use it for - like a 6-part short story series that has been rattling (quite loudly) in my head for the last several weeks, that will  require some scientific and medical research on the premise, and which could be somewhat complicated to create, timeline wise, so will need good organization to maintain continiuty. 

I am not sure what will end up in this repository - for starters perhaps just articles on the K-12 sexual eduation programs that have found success and articles highlighting the vital importance of expanding sexual education in every state of the nation, to something that actually deserves to be called sex-ed. I'm happy to have contributors to this repository, either one-time or ongoing. Feel free to reach out to me or join this repository.
